U.S.-China Trade War
Huawei & TikTok pose no more security threat to the U.S. than U.S. tech companies and the government do to other nations (for anyone interested in a study from the Georgia Institute of Technology specifically on TikTok, see link).  Not to mention, whether you support or oppose his right to have done it, Edward Snowden revealed that the U.S. government has been collecting emails, phone
calls, etc. from many (if not all) of us for years.  Large international corporations from many different nation are selling our personal info and shopping habits with each other, likely for at least as long.   The idea of them proclaiming to care about and protect our privacy is frankly laughable at this point.  The leaders of the U.S. just have to keep demonizing any competition, because they know that U.S. companies can’t win the competition forever.  The U.S. is a country of about 330 million people that consume more resources per capita than any other nation, but we are increasingly losing access to the cheap resources and labor in developing nations that has subsidized our lifestyle.  China is a nation that is still developing, as evident by the fact that they are just now catching up to the U.S. economy despite having over 4 times as many people.  These 1.4+ billion people are just now grabbing their per capita share of global markets and are innovating and growing their economy at a remarkable rate (to put it lightly).  They will naturally, and rightfully, overtake the U.S. in resource consumption and global influence just by catching up to our quality of life.  And India will follow at some point (likely delayed as they are obviously developing slower than China) as they have a similar population to China and will eventually grab their share of resources, and level of innovation and competition when resources allow.  In about another 50 years Nigeria will also have more people than the U.S. and will likely eventually develop to a similar level as others.  Even removing systemi
https://www.internetgovernance.org/wp-content/uploads/TikTok-and-US-national-security-3.pdf
and ideological aspects of each country that will impact rates of development, quality of life, etc; if one actually believes in freedom, the “free market,” and equality they will have to accept that the U.S. cannot hold onto the spot of richest and most influential nation on Earth without maintaining an oppressive dictatorship over the planet.  Our leaders need to stop trying to provoke trade and physical wars to maintain our grip on global resources, supply chains, and market shares and accept that they are trying to fight a “war on natural historical progression,” which is just ludicrous and destined to fail.  And most importantly, the battles in this war of both the hot and cold varieties, are and will unnecessarily destroy countless lives.
